README.md, before:

# Arduino-projects
Arduino projects

## libraries
Contains human friendly abstractions 
### Core
Core library contains commonly used includes
### InputDevices
Includes input devices abstractions
- Button
    - Checks for change in state
### Logger
Contains all functionality needed for logging purposes.
- Logger interface
- SerialLogger class
    - Loggs message or number via Arduino's serial interface
    - Bound rate is 9600
### Pin
Contains all functionality related to Arduino's' IO pins
- PinMode is enum representation of Pin Mode (Input, Output or inputPullu)
- Abstract class Pin contains common functionality
- InputPin represents any input pin (both analog and digital) 
    - NOTE: InputPullup not supported yet
    - Reads current value on pin
- OutputPin represents any output pin (both PWM and digital)
    - Writes value to pin
### StepperMotor
Encapsulates functionality needed for stepper motor 28BYJ-48 with driver
- Allows move stepper motor by required amount of steps in required direction
- <span style="color:Red">Note: Changing speed is not yet supported</span>

![Demo](libraries/ClassDiagram.png)

## [Watering System](WateringSystem)

- Automated wattering system
- Includes callibration / re-callibration
- 2 status indicating LEDs
- Button press switches between callibration and wattering mode
- Driven by state machine

![Demo](WateringSystem/media/Watering.gif)

Commit message:

Added ExtraWattering State and Long Button Press detection

README.md, after:

# Arduino-projects
Arduino projects

## libraries
Contains human friendly abstractions 
### Core
Core library contains commonly used includes
### InputDevices
Includes input devices abstractions
- Button
    - Distinguishes five states: **No Change**, **Pressed**, **Released**, **Long Pressed** and **Long Released**
### Logger
Contains all functionality needed for logging purposes.
- Logger interface
- SerialLogger class
    - Loggs message or number via Arduino's serial interface
    - Bound rate is **9600**
### Pin
Contains all functionality related to Arduino's' IO pins
- PinMode is enum representation of Pin Mode (Input, Output or inputPullu)
- Abstract class Pin contains common functionality
- InputPin represents any input pin (both analog and digital)     
    - Reads current value on pin
    - <span style="color:Red">**NOTE: InputPullup is not supported yet**</span>
- OutputPin represents any output pin (both PWM and digital)
    - Writes value to pin
### StepperMotor
Encapsulates functionality needed for stepper motor 28BYJ-48 with driver
- Allows move stepper motor by required amount of steps in required direction
- <span style="color:Red">**Note: Changing speed is not yet supported**</span>

![Demo](libraries/ClassDiagram.png)

## [Watering System](WateringSystem)

- Automated wattering system
- Includes callibration / re-callibration
- 2 status indicating LEDs
- Button press switches between callibration and wattering mode
- Driven by state machine

![Demo](WateringSystem/media/Watering.gif)
